Hello,
I'm Robert and many
of you have asked me how
you could modify the recipe for
cream with molasses to
make it with fruit?
I've replied to some of you
on Facebook,
where I could
but I thought it would be good to
make a video
about how we make fruit molasses
so it can be documented.
So
today we値l do this in
America,
with
blueberries.
OK,
already on the fruit molasses.
I chose
blueberries specifically because I think
we値l get a really great color.
The recipe is basically the same,
just two modifications.
We値l make
the first modification.
Instead of 200 grams of
milk, I値l use 200 grams
of blueberry
puree.
In my case,
I also heated them up
to the boiling point.
I add 5 grams of gelatin
hydrated in 25 grams of water
and mix well to dissolve.
The second modification is that
I melted the chocolate and will add
the fruit puree to
the melted chocolate
and start mixing
with a whisk to integrate.
Then, of course, I use
the immersion blender and make sure
that the cream is
super well homogenized.
And finally, 400 grams of
cold whipped cream.
I値l transfer the cream into a
bowl and cover it with plastic wrap.
And of course,
just like the other one,
I don't have the
white chocolate or pistachio
plaque, or whatever it might be.
It will need to stay overnight
in the fridge.
It came out with a great color,
just as I anticipated.
Thank you so much for watching.
I壇 like to thank
the channel members and
the supporters on Patreon
for all their support.
This was the fruit molasses recipe.
See you at the next one!
Bye.